# Week of 10/29/2023 - 11/05/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/11/4/12:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/11/4/13:00

## Location/Medium

Zoom Meeting

## Present

Note: This meeting was scheduled to fit everyone's availability.

- Lee
- Noah
- North

## Minute Recorder

Noah

## Topics Discussed

1. Email verification upon account creation needs to be added as a nonfunctional requirement.
   - This is currently included as a part of the whole functional requirement of account creation but needs to be its
   own nonfunctional requirement. This is also something that will be addressed in a different iteration of the project
   as the SMTP server will need to be set up and in place.

2. Commitment model file.
   - Thoroughly explained the commitment model and discussed what will need refactored to keep up with the functionality
   we will need from this class.
   
3. Todo items for manipulating commitments.
   - Include a way to discontinue a commitment that is implemented in the same way as completing a commitment.
   - Create route for commitment manipulation: gives the ability to reopen a commitment that is complete or discontinued.
   - Include the ability to delete a commitment. This includes removing a commitment while having two routes that 
   redirect users to pages that either confirms deletion of the created commitment or redirects users to the commitment
   page if the user does not want to delete the commitment.

4. Team development items.
   - Tasks assigned should come with a deadline. This enables the whole team to see progress made of team members' 
   work completed. This will be implemented pending approval from all team members
   - Communication among the team has been a little lackluster and needs to be improved. We talked about how this con 
   be accomplished by sending messages about what you are working on, problems that are encountered, and notifying the
   team when something has been finished. Help is always available if needed.
   - As feature branching is something we are working on and currently we are pushing to only a main branch, team members
   should still not be afraid to make commits to the project. Code can be fixed and team members should be making
   commits and doing so frequently. If code is broken and help is needed, pushing to another branch is always an 
   option.
   

## Tasks Assigned
### All tasks assigned are due by Tuesday 11/6/2023

- Lee: When2Meet for mentor and client meeting this upcoming week. List backend items that need completed.
- North: List frontend items that need cleaned up or completed.
- Noah: Backend items. Start with commitment discontinue status. Message professor question about team.
- Kris and Clayton: Collaborate with North to complete and cleanup frontend items.
