Gameplan

What branches do we need to merge still

Provider Suggested Commitments - needed for most other branches
Email Verification (user registration) -> needed for Noah's branches    

We need to merge some of the main branches

Reviewed Kris's code to assess


# Week of 2023/11/26 - 2023/12/03

## Meeting Start Time

2023/11/30 - 9:45

## Meeting End Time

2023/11/30 - 10:55

## Location/Medium

RB 353, BSU Campus

## Present

- Lee
- North

## Minute Recorder

North

## Topics Discussed

1. Our plan for finishing features and who will take over which features in order to get them done in time.
2. The need to merge in branches that are still waiting on secondary review. Some of our feature branches depend on other feature branches to be merged first, so we should get those merged in soon.
    - The Provider Suggested Commitments branch is necessary for all other features to function.
    - The Email Verification branch is necessary for Noah's features to function.


## Things Clarified

1. We will be meeting as a team on Friday, December 1st at 4pm EST. 
2. We will be meeting with our client on Sunday, December 3rd at 3pm EST. 

## Progress Made

1. Planned out feature work order
2. Reviewed Kris and Noah's code to assess time left, code mergeability, and what needs to be done still.
3. Force merged necessary feature pull requests, Provider Suggested Commitments and Email Verification.
    - We needed to override our two review requirement and merged in necessary feature pull requests since we are running out of time. Merging in these features now allows us to more clearly see our full codebase, and allows us to more easily work on code that depends on them.
4. Wrote more tests for dashboards
5. Discussed automating our development environment replication
    - Could use install scripts for less or no manual input by the user when setting up Docker.
    - Import custom_settings.py at the end of settings.py
6. Decided on a time for client meeting, Sunday, December 3rd at 3pm EST. Email to be sent out shortly.
7. Scheduled team meeting for Friday, December 1st at 4pm EST. 
8. Decided on help modal appearance:
    - For now, we will have separate, smaller help modals for each feature that needs it. In the future, we may combine each modal into a single, combined modal for each page, with each help icon redirecting to a specific section of that singular modal. This will allow the user to scroll through the help modal to find other helpful information about the page, without having to click on each individual help icon.


## Tasks Assigned

- North: 
    - Write up at least one help page modal to show to the client, then finish making more if more time
    - Re-style course view page

- Lee:
    - Finish tests
    - Communicate what we discussed in this meeting
    - Communicate team meeting times we decided on

- Kris, Noah, Clayton: Continue working on previously assigned features.