# Week of 11/06/2023 - 11/12/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/11/7/10:20

## Meeting End Time

2023/11/7/10:55

## Location/Medium

RB353E 

## Present

- Lee
- Noah
- North

## Minute Recorder

Lee

## Topics Discussed

1. What needs to be done for the features to be complete in both frontend and backend
2. Prioritization of code maintenance vs documentation vs basic course features
3. Standup meeting (in class time)
4. Plans for deployment and client testing (Ubuntu & Apache & Django 
documentation, Zoom screenshare)

## Things Clarified
   
1. Priorities
    1. (Highest) Finish backend and minimal frontend for features
    2. User & Development documentation
    3. Deployment documentation
    4. Minimal course features
    5. (Lowest) Testing, cleanup, feature branching, etc
2. Team member availability late this week 
    - North will be unlikely to write code Friday & Saturday due to travel 
constraints but may work on documentation
    - Noah is having difficulty getting Sunday off at 3


## Tasks Assigned
### Nominally due before our Mentor Meeting Thursday

- Lee & Noah: Finish backend for features
    - Lee: Change complete route to POST as example, verify authorization 
required for existing routes, finish up any remaining backend tasks Wednesday
    - Noah: Delete route, reopen route, complete as many other backend tasks 
as possible Tuesday

- North: Finish functional parts of frontend (need buttons and links so one can 
reach all pages while only typing in the login URL)
    - Complete, Discontinue, Reopen, Edit, Delete buttons
    - Make Bootstrap navbar function even if it is ugly
    - Add "Need an account? Register here" and "Have an account? Log in here" 
links to login & authorization pages respectively.

- Clayton & Kris: Improve the frontend usability and begin work on documentation    - It doesn't matter so much what you do, just get something done
    - Push stuff and get commits
    - The tasklist is maintained by North on Slack. The thread is pinned.
    - If you don't know what to do, ask in Slack
    - If you run into problems, ask in Slack. Then stash your changes and work 
on some other improvement while waiting for a response
    - If you think anything could be changed for the better but are afraid to 
touch it, let us know. Chances are you are right and we will help.
    - Adding unit tests and  cleaning code are better than doing nothing.
    - Get some commits in before it is too late.

