# Week of 11/26/2023 - 12/3/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/12/1 16:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/12/1 17:00

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

- Lee
- North
- Kris

## Minute Recorder

North  

## Topics Discussed

1. Standup meeting. Checked in on what we have done so far, our next steps, etc.
2. Discussed clean code and whether we feel we're following those standards or not.
3. Modularity. We will need to try to take a vertical slice from one of our objects and make it modular before Wednesday to show to the professor.
4. New look for course view in clinician and provider dashboards:
    - Will need to split the course view into two separate templates, one for the provider and one for the clinician
    - Clinician view will be similar to how it is, but display the new start and end date fields. Discussed whether the course identifier should be shown to clinicians as well, should ask our client.
    - Provider view will show a table of all their created courses. This will set us up to allow for sorting based on course name, id, etc. in the future.
 
## Things Clarified

1. Reconciled and merged in forgot password feature branch.
2. Reconciled and merged in modals branch
3. We plan to meet with professor during office hours on Wednesday, December 6th.
 
## Tasks assigned
- North: 
    - Finish adding some help modals
    - Finish adjusting course page changes for course identifiers branch
    - Finish styling course page
- Lee:
    - 
- Kris:
    - Finish writing Show password and copy to clipboard features