# Week of 9/24/2023 - 9/30/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/09/26/10:30

## Meeting End Time

2023/09/26/10:45

## Location/Medium

RB 353, BSU Campus

## Present

- Lee
- North
- Noah

## Minute Recorder

Lee

## Topics Discussed

1. Planning for first client meeting
2. Scheduling changes resulting from new client

## Things Clarified
1. Noah is planning on emailing the client tonight to try and set up a meeting. We will be mentioning our availability 3-5pm Friday and 3-6pm Sunday. We will plan on the meeting lasting at least an hour, so it should start no later than 4pm Friday or 5pm Sunday, with preference for earlier.
2. Whichever one of those days we do not meet with the client, we will plan on meeting together as a team to knock out the requirement for this week.
3. Given that we swapped clients, the professor mentioned we have more time (he was rather vague on how much) but strongly encouraged us to meet ASAP. If we cannot meet with the client this week, we will set up a new when2meet for next week and will determine Thursday in class which day the team meeting will occur.
4. For the forseeable future, we will continue using when2meet on a weekly basis to figure out our meetings. Ideally the poll should go out at least a couple days before the week thereof to allow everyone time to respond and notice.
5. If team members fail to respond to when2meet, or are simply unavailable, we will proceed with meetings (after pinging them with a reminder if simply not responding) because we cannot afford to fall behind due to some of the inevitable technical/scheduling difficulties that happen. This includes meeting with Jake and the client. 
