# Week of 10/22/2023 - 10/29/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/10/27/16:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/10/27/17:00

## Location/Medium

Zoom Meeting

## Present

- Clayton
- Kris
- Lee
- Noah
- North

## Minute Recorder

Noah

## Topics Discussed

1. Troubleshooting environment migration problems.
   - Merging environments has been an issue that has mostly been dealt with. This includes setting up a new environment
   and project migration problems cause by an unset configuration in the .gitignore file.
   - Development.md needs updated accordingly with known issues and fixes and will need finished up by 10/28/2023.
     

2. Items that need addressed before the client meeting on 10/29/2023. **This is also the tasks assigned for all team 
   members as these items need finished before the client meeting.**
  

   - The commitment header dashboard needs to be more fleshed out. This includes splitting a user's commitments into 
   different categories; one category being the in progress and expired commitments and the other being the completed 
   commitments. Both should be in different headers when displayed, with the 
completed commitments lower on the page.
     

   - A basic navigation bar that includes a "logged in as 'username'" field to better visualize the user that is 
   logged in. This, at some point, will have future functionality as it will be a place where the user can do things
   like log out or manage their profile. The navbar should also have a link to
the user's dashboard for quick access.


   - Commitments should redirect to their view page once they have been created.
     

   - Frontend configurations currently in place need to be refactored into more of a template so that we can reuse them
   in other parts of the application instead of making a new and different configuration each time.

## Things Clarified

1. The independence of the statistic's modules and the main application's modules means that the statistics backend
   should be split off on its own application.
  

2. Worked out migration problems due to a missing file caused by gitignore.

## Tasks Assigned
- Tasks are referenced and discussed in item #2 in the [Topics Discussed](2023-10-27.md) section.
- All team members are tasked these items. These items all include developing out the application's frontend.
