# Week of 2023/10/29 - 2023/11/05

## Meeting Start Time

2023/10/31 - 10:20

## Meeting End Time

2023/10/31 - 10:45

## Location/Medium

RB 353, BSU Campus

## Present

- Lee
- North
- Clayton

## Minute Recorder

North

## Topics Discussed

1. Need to work on making front end look more like the prototype.
2. Updating our design items.
3. The new fuctional requirements added, as detailed in "Things Clarified" #2.

## Things Clarified

1. Need to add a "mark as discontinued" case to UC4 in [UseCases.md file](https://github.com/lee-blake/CME-Commitment-to-Change/blob/3de074d8ee10757e6a10941d6e72a1c98610d4ea/Design/UseCases.md), so the use case would be "Individual clinicians mark commitments as complete or discontinued".

2. Lee has added three new Functional Requirements to our Requirements.md:

   - FR310: Users can mark commitments as discontinued.
   - FR311: The system will automatically mark commitments as expired/past due once they pass their deadlines.
   - FR312: Users can delete commitments.

3. Lee has added a "Commitment expiration daemon" has been added to our [Architecture.md file](https://github.com/lee-blake/CME-Commitment-to-Change/blob/69d89009b646c06a346b6bb3051f40e86b102902/Design/Architecture.md)

4. Need to add new Functional Requirements to our [Feature Board](https://github.com/users/lee-blake/projects/1/views/1) for iteration 1:

   - FR302: Users can edit every field of a commitment that they can set during creation. This includes changing the type of commitment (for example, from milestone to value).
   - FR310: Users can mark commitments as discontinued.
   - FR311: The system will automatically mark commitments as expired/past due once they pass their deadlines.
   - FR312: Users can delete commitments.

5. Confirmed with professor that no changes need to be made to our design documents, but we will be making some small adjustments based on feedback from the client.

## Tasks Assigned

- Lee: Add new functional requirements to Feature Board as shown in Things Clarified #3.
- North: Write up Meeting Minutes for 2023-10-31.
- Clayton: Write up the "Update Design Items" assignment based on the changes made to our Design items as shown in "Things Clarified" #1, #2, and #3. Check the latest commitments in the appropriate files for more details on the changes.
- Kris: Add a non-functional "Mark as Discontinued" button to the dashboard view, similar to the "Mark as complete" button in dashboard.html. For the link, use: `/commitment/<int:commitment_id>/discontinue?discontinue=true`
- Noah: "Things Clarified" #1: Add a "mark as discontinued" case to UC4, and setup When2Meet for team meeting this week. NEEDS TO BE DONE by tonight, 2023-10-31.
