# Week of 10/22/2023 - 10/29/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/10/26/10:30

## Meeting End Time

2023/10/26/10:49

## Location/Medium

RB 353, BSU Campus

## Present

- Kris
- Lee
- North

## Minute Recorder

North

## Topics Discussed

1. Datatype for commitment "created"
   - Currently the created attribute is a DateTimeField which includes a time with timezone indicator. Could possibly switch this to a DateField to match the deadline attribute and remove timezone complexities.
2. Discussed the need to create tests for templates
   - Should test that the data we expect to see is being displayed in the template.
3. Commitment creation functionality
   - While not high priority, after creating a commitment, ideally the user will be redirected to the commitment view for        that page automatically.
4. Need to create template for dashboard view.
5. Missing string validation for commitment creation
   - Titles and descriptions cannot be longer than their max_date (titles 200, description 2000)
   - Due-date shouldn't be in the past. Must be current date or later.
6. Use of external CSS files.
   - Worried about possible legal issues.
   - More research needed on W3.CSS licensing, but will most likely move to custom CSS rules and Bootstrap only.

## Things Clarified

1. We will be meeting with our mentor over Zoom at 4pm EST Today, Thursday, 2023/10/26.
2. We will be meeting as a team over Zoom at 4pm on Friday, 2023/10/27.

## Tasks Assigned
- Lee: Switching GET to POST in the create_commitment_target view
- Noah:
- North: Update and add more details to Development.MD. Convert CSS to entirely custom rules. 
- Kris: Test running server, create commitment, setting up environment
- Clayton:
