# Week of 10/15/2023 - 10/22/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/10/22/18:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/10/22/19:00

## Location/Medium

Zoom Meeting

## Present

- Kris
- Lee
- North
- Noah
- Jake (Mentor)

## Minute Recorder

Noah

## Topics Discussed

1. Changes to functional requirement 101.
   - Account registration as a functional requirement.
   - Account verification through email as a nonfunctional requirement.

2. Commitment deadlines.
   - Change in architecture for emails and email reminders.
   - Jake recommended using a collection of scripts to check commitment expirations utilizing key moments.
   These moments include certain times of the day, when reminder emails are sent, or when a user logs in.

3. Django Templates for frontend.
   - The ability to reuse and modify existing templates will speed up the process of creating a functional
   frontend.
   - Worry about functionality of each module and not about how it looks.

4. Priority for first iteration features should be the commitment display page and the commitment object itself.

## Things Clarified

1. Commitment completion and how it is tracked in different models.
   - Compared to a "yes or no" completion status, different types of commitments should have different model types
   and different structure to them as completion will be a yes or a no, but how they are completed is different.

2. Commitment Objects and how finished they should be for the first iteration.
   - Getting the commitment object to a completed state is a priority, however getting it to a state where it can be
   used even if it is not fully complete is a must especially in a testing environment and for developing first 
   iteration features.

## Tasks Assigned

- Lee: Revise requirements for account registration. Continue working on modules for Django implementation.
- Noah: Creating test modules. Set up environment and make changes or additions to the development.md file.
- North: Help create templates and views. Schedule When2Meet for the upcoming week. Set up environment and make 
changes or additions to the development.md file.
- Kris: Help create templates and views. Set up environment and make changes or additions to the development.md file.
Contact Clayton and update him on meeting.
