# Week of 9/24/2023 - 9/30/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/09/29 18:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/09/29 19:15

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

- Clayton
- Kris
- Lee
- North
- Noah

## Minute Recorder

Lee

## Topics Discussed

1. Developed a [list of questions](#questions_for_client) for the client

2. Discussed some preliminary tech stack ideas

## Things Clarified

1. The team agreed to invoke the oh sh*t clause for the Discovery Meeting

2. Set up new when2meet

3. Preliminary tech stack ideas: 
  - Django
  - Postgre SQL (verify scalability) 
  - Bootstrap, otherwise no frontend preference until prototyping phase is done

4. Discovery meeting Sunday at 3pm EST

## Appendix

### Questions for Client

1. How should the website look (profiles and dashboard)?

2. What are some good real life of commitments?

3. How should we do the gamification? Do we create all of the badges, etc? Do we create templates for users and groups to create their own?

4. How detailed should the moderation tools be?

5. (Important for betting) Who measures whether a commitment is met? 

6. What could we use for the financial betting? What caps would there be?

7. Would betting a social currency (from gamification) be a better solution?

8. How robust does the implementation need to be during our time working on it?/How many users are expected?

9. Any preferences as far as web hosting/cloud stuff?

10. The proposal mentions "the gamut" as the tech stack - discuss.

11. When does this become publicly accessible?

12. Are there requirements to use the platform?

13. Who creates the commitments? Is it all up to users or do site managers also make some common ones?

14. Which social media channels to integrate with?

15. Is there anything already implemented that we can use, even something small?

16. App/website? Do we develop an app from the beginning? Do we just embed the web app? Do we just build a mobile-friendly web app to begin with?

17. When it comes to integrating educational content, does it go beyond attaching materials to commitments? Do we integrate with APIs of CME providers? Do CME providers create special content under a branded account?

18. Should we feature commitments or professionals in CME? Would leaderboards (as gamification) be viable?

19. What's the balance of content? Is it mostly educational on the platform? Or is it mostly a way to organize CME content in one place in the context of a commitment?

20. Where should we start?

21. Can groups make commitments? 

22. Do groups have their own moderation?

23. What moderation are we going to be implementing alongside what features?

24. Who can create/manage forums?

25. How quantifiable are commitments? Are they SMART goals?

26. How are we going to notify users? Emails? Or just in web app? How might we customize that?

27. Do we let users create their own access lists? "I only want some of my friends to see this goal"?

28. Do we want a ticket feedback system? Categories, etc. How much do we integrate that with moderation reports?

29. What's the best way to process feedback? Implicityly emails admins, putting it on their dashboard, ticket system, etc.

30. Are there any suggestions for analytics modules? Google analytics etc.

31. What do you want to measure with analytics? Average time spent, commitments made, abandoned commitments, comments, etc.

32. Would a tagging system for commitments, etc be a good addition?

33. What's the intended benefit(s) of this platform?

34. Do we want to enable SSO logins via Google, etc?
