# Week of 2024/01/12 - 2024/02/18 

## Meeting Start Time

2024/02/17 12:00

## Meeting End Time

2024/02/17 13:00

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

- Lee
- North

## Minute Recorder

North  

## Topics Discussed

1. Discussed header container changes. These should be PRed soon.
2. Discussed Djlint formatting. We will need to settle on our styling and make a PR for this soon.
3. Cloud deployment:
   - AWS would cost around $10/month to use after the free tier is done.
   - Google cloud does support Ubuntu so it could be possible to switch to this if we need to. Setup should be similar to AWS setup, so we could write up some generic instructions to help future teams switch over.
   - Should talk with Kurt about these options.
4. Discussed the User Interface Evaluation assignment and found some possible candidates for UI changes:
   - Select Commitment Template page:
     - Currently if you have not created any commitment templates and go to the select commitment template page, there's no indication that you need to create a template, and you must leave the current page and go to the template creation page. This violates "Define interaction modes in a way that does not force a user into unnecessary or undesired action", as well as "Provide flexible interaction" and "Recognition rather than recall" since instead of seeing exactly what they need to do, they must recall that they need to navigate to a different page and come back.
   - Error handling:
     - We don't provide immediate error handling for forms, which violates "Offer simple error handling".
     - If you mouse away from an input and is incorrect, we could provide "error" messages that tell the user it needs to be fixed. Things like empty forms that must be filled, passwords that must match, emails being an incorrect format, etc.
   - Breadcrumbs:
     - We don't currently tell the user where they're at on the site. This violates "Reduce demand on short-term memory load".
## Things Clarified

1. Merged split views.py pull request.
2. Merged in add-percentages-to-aggregate-course-stats pull request.

## Tasks assigned

- North
  - Finish figuring out djlint rules, format our HTML files, and set up a PR.
  - Write up "select suggested commitments" UI changes in document.
- Lee
  - Reach out to Jake to figure out a mentor meeting time.
  - Write up "error handling" UI change in document.