# Week of 2024/03/25 - 2024/03/31

## Meeting Start Time
2024/03/25 13:00

## Meeting End Time
2024/03/25 13:55

## Location/Medium
RB 369

## Present
- Lee
- North

## Minute Recorder
North

## Topics Discussed
1. Standup meeting - stuff finished, stuff planned, roadblocks.
2. Discussed what features each of us will be working on and possible new features to add to our agenda. (Leaving a course, kicking a student from a course, etc.)
3. Looked over presentation poster examples and discussed what we will do for ours.
   - Title, Client and team info, purpose of the project, tech stack. 
   - BSU logo and Computer Science text, Faculty Mentor: Huseyin Ergin, Ph.D.
   - Possible screenshots: Statistics page and course page
4. What we should do about frontend testing. Put framework code (d3.js, datatables, etc.) in separate files from our code and exclude those from coverage? We should discuss with Hergin.
5. Twitter share feature. Should meet with Kurt to discuss the open graph wording and image to use. 
6. Discussed putting commitments next to the students that made them in the course page. Should get the styling and template setup with test data first, then we can make a method to associiate the clinicians with their commitments later.

## Things Clarified
1. End of Iteration 5 cleanup schedule:
   - We plan to finish working on features by Tuesday, April 2nd to work on code cleanup.
   - We will finish the main aesthetic changes by Thursday, April 4th. After that, we will pivot to documentation and clean code. Other aesthetic changes can still be made later if we have time.
2. We will email Kurt to:
    - Remind him about our email wording.
    - Ask to meet this Saturday, March 30th at 3pm EST for feedback about the Twitter share feature.
3. We will be contacting Kris to let him know about our iteration cleanup schedule. Additionally, his delete course feature must be, functional, compileable, tested, and mergeable Monday night, April 1st, or else Lee will complete it from scratch on Tuesday.

## Work Done
1. Finished writing and merged in documentation for delete all commitment reminder emails feature.
2. Merged in commitment reminder emails feature branch.

## Tasks Assigned
North: 
- Email Kurt about next meeting.
- Start working on poster board for presentation.
Lee: 
- Reach out to Kris about our iteration 5 cleanup schedule.
- Prioritize enriching student objects with course commitments to enable one of North's features.
