# Week of 2024/01/22 - 2024/01/28 

## Meeting Start Time

2024/01/27 12:00

## Meeting End Time

2024/01/27 12:50

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

- Lee
- North
- Kris

## Minute Recorder

North  

## Topics Discussed

1. Standup meeting. Checked in on issues we had, what everyone worked on, etc.
2. Looked at our progress on cloud deployment, and discussed some limitations there.
3. Now that we're close to cloud deployment, we can start thinking about our commitment expiration daemon, and our reminder email daemon. For now, we could have a script that runs the daemon(s) every time we start up our Docker containers. This would help simulate what our final daemon would look like without actually having to run continuously in the background.
 
## Things Clarified

1. Statistics should not be a property on a course, it should probably be it's own object that can be "pinned" to the course object when we send it out in context to the template.
2. Decided on what was most important for this iteration as we are running low on time:
   - Finish cloud deployment.
   - Statistics (Especially CSV files, as this is something Kurt talked about a lot).
   - Mailto link functionality (This is another thing Kurt mentioned as a minimum requirement for student interaction).
3. Finished reviewing current PRs and merged in.
 
## Tasks assigned
- North: 
  - Fix minor styling issues and PR changes (max 1hr).
  - Pie chart colors and labels. G(max 1hr).
  - Work on Mailto link (FR608).
  - Reach out to client via email.
   
- Lee:
  - Continue to work on Cloud Deployment (NR1) and CSV download (FR414).
  - Reach out to client via Slack.

- Kris:
  - Finish delete course function and tests.
  - Start on HIPAA reminder checkbox.
