# Week of 2024/02/26 - 2024/03/03

## Meeting Start Time
2024/02/26 13:00

## Meeting End Time
2024/02/26 13:55

## Location/Medium
RB 369

## Present
- Kris
- Lee
- North

## Minute Recorder
Lee 

## Topics Discussed
1. Standup meeting - stuff finished, stuff planned, roadblocks
2. Discussed disabling `djlint --check` inspections due to too much stuff being done in the reformat

## Things Clarified
1. We may need to do some manual cleanup when reformatting the frontend files, but this is preferable to the consequences failing to enforce consistency.

## Work Done
1. Sent an invite for our Iteration 4 client meeting to Kurt
2. Asked Jake about March 9 6pm timeslot for  mentor meeting
3. Send out When2Meet for April 16-18
4. Wrote some documentation for our new CSV feature
