# Week of 2024/01/29 - 2024/01/04 

## Meeting Start Time

2024/01/30 09:30

## Meeting End Time

2024/01/30 10:50

## Location/Medium

RB 353, BSU Campus

## Present

- Lee
- North

## Minute Recorder

North  

## Topics Discussed

1. Discussed implementation of D3.JS pie charts.
   - Pie chart build will have to live in external JS file to build with D3.JS library, alongside the data. We can filter out arcs of the pie chart based on if the Data is = 0, and this should be the only logic we need in our js file.
   - Pie chart should only display if there are commitments currently made in that course, so a template level test will need to be made to check this.
2. For bootstrap/html issues, focus on sticking with the standard Bootstrap structure we have now, and be prepared to refactor right after this iteration is finished.
3. Quick styling changes for this iteration:
   - Change secondary color (darker red?)
   - Change h1-h6 font weights for more clarity
   - Remove border hover effect for non-clickable divs
4. More in-depth styling changes we could think about for next iteration:
   - Go simpler for colors in the future. Maybe lose the grey/blue entirely for a simplified palette? 
5. Base form will need adusted in order to contain the input fields for smaller screen resolutions. At the moment, these fields are a set width and do not obey Bootstrap's breakpoints. We will most likely need to manually render our forms for this.
   - One fix may be to apply Bootstrap's default form styling.
   - Another fix may be to make our own class that uses the same breakpoints that Bootstrap uses. Further experimentation required.

## Things Clarified

1. Switched our App repo branch protection rules from 2 code reviews to 1 code review with Codeowner's review required.
2. Finished writing one test for Mailto link feature and discussed concept of other tests needed.
3. As our client has not responded to us yet this iteration, we plan to give him one more day to respond, at which point we will contact the professor so we can decide how to proceed.
 
