# Client Iteration 1 Review Meeting on 11/12/2023
[Client Meeting Video](../../Auxiliary%20Files/Videos/IterationOneMeeting.mp4)

## Meeting Start Time

2023/11/12 19:30

## Meeting End Time

2023/11/12 20:30

## Location/Medium

Virtual Meeting via Zoom

## Present

- Clayton
- Kris
- Lee
- Noah
- North
- Kurt (Client)
- Jake (Mentor)

## Minute Recorder

Lee

## Topics Discussed

1. Demoed the software to the client via Zoom's Remote Control feature.
    - The client interacted directly with all features of the software.
2. Discussed next iteration features.
3. Briefly reviewed User.md for clarity.

## Things Clarified

1. Lots of feedback regarding the software, see [Feedback](#feedback).
2. Meeting next Sunday is unlikely, but if we are to do so, notify by Wednesday. We would also need to meet before 4pm EST or much later in the night as our client is attending a sporting event that day.
3. We will be keeping the Commitment-to-Change-App repo private for now, and can revisit this in the future.

## Feedback

- Functionality notice:
    - We did not directly ask the client if he would use the software in production now.
        - It appears that based on the feedback - very positive with most changes and future feature suggestions being
          quality-of-life - that most of our team assumed the answer was yes. We then moved on to second iteration
          features and forgot to ask directly.
        - The client was happy with the features meeting the "minimum viable product" discussed in our previous meeting
            - Our features extended well beyond that MVP.
            - However, as discussed in class, clients tend to give positive feedback and be happy with progress. We
            figure the real test of functionality will be separate assessment sent to the client.
        - Another reason this was overlooked was the timing of the meeting.
            - Any make-or-break features would have taken more than a day, and the meeting took place 1 day from the deadline.
            We were therefore more focused on what would need to change in future iterations rather than the yes/no of
            functionality.
            - The client was unavailable to meet the week before because he was in Europe.
    - While these reasons do not excuse the oversight, we have elected to include them there to provide context that can
    help us avoid making similar errors in the future, and also to provide the full context for assessment.
        

- General:
    - Get more data on individuals and institutions (fill out profiles) and on length of course names:
        - Some of this information can be found on the [Stanford CME website](https://med.stanford.edu/cme).
        - Our client will also be giving us more detailed information in Slack.

- Courses and related commitments:
    - Student privacy for course pages. Two solutions proposed by the client are:
        - Students enrolled in a course can opt out of displaying their name and commitment in the course page.
        - Could show a popup, warning the student that their name will be associated with their commitment on the course page. (Less ideal, but easier to implement as an emergency backup plan).
    - Course names will likely be lengthy, be sure to accommodate that.
    - Consider adding optional date(s) for course period.
    - Copy to clipboard button for invite link.
    - Provider's name should be displayed on course page.
    - Feedback/suggestions from providers for how to complete commitments .
    - Statistics for 'suggested' commitments.
    - Improve sending out course invite links; consider email automation.
    - When a clinician joins a course, tell them that join was successful and suggest next steps.
    - Enable providers to add a message for clinicians when they join the course.
    - Downloading the results.
    - Archiving courses, possibly automatically by course dates.
    - Sorting courses in the provider dashboard.
    - Providers have a unique identifier associated with their courses (like a class or section number).
    - Providers should be able to copy-edit a course (advanced feature).
    
- Account creation/features:
    - Clinicians may optionally choose to have an institution associated with them.
    - Add name field for provider accounts.
    - Forget password page.


## Priorities for second iteration
- Cloud deployment
- Mobile device support, especially for clinician side of UI
- Profile fields for learner and provider
- Forget password page
- Header info, making it clear which provider is giving a course
- Documentation help pages and help links to those
