# Client Update Meeting on 10/29/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/10/29 14:15

## Meeting End Time

2023/10/29 14:50

## Location/Medium

Virtual Meeting via Zoom

## Present

- Clayton
- Kris: present initially but dropped sometime in the first 15 minutes, possibly due to technical reasons (not communicated)
- Lee
- North
- Kurt (Client)
- Jake (Mentor)

## Minute Recorder

North

## Topics Discussed

1. Should consider adding more status types for commitments

   - Discontinued (for if someone gives up, realizes it's not possible, etc.)
   - Partially complete
   - Possibly more, like "delayed"

2. Discussed problems with deleting commitments

   - If someone deletes a commitment because they made a mistake with the title or description or something similar, we don't need to know that. But if someone deletes it because they couldn't complete the commitment, we want to store that data because course creators want to know how many people are completing their goals. Finding a perfect solution for this is impossible, so we should consider how we will implement our solution, especially for course-related commitments.

   - Easiest solution is to ask the user why they are deleting their commitment when they go to delete it. We could use a dropdown menu with pre-made answers.

   - Possibly should have an archive function as well as delete function for individual commitments.

   - Maybe in the future, if someone deletes something, we consider what state the commitment was in, in order to decide if we should keep the data point or delete it from the database entirely.

3. Discussed social media integration and page publication

   - The individual commitment view page should be public in the future so that it can be shared and viewed on social media

## Things Clarified

1. Decided to change name of "Expired" Commitment to "Past Due-date".

2. Clarified what our client considers as "functional" for first iteration. Users should be able to:

   - Login to the website.
   - Create a commitment, view commitment details, and mark it as complete. (Already finished, coudld be improved)
   - Edit the name, description, and deadline of a commitment.

   Stretch goals for iteration 1 (Not required, but helpful):

   - Be able to delete a commitment, with an "Are you sure you want to delete" prompt.
   - Be able to mark a commitment as "discontinued".

3. Client will be in Europe from November 3rd (Friday) - November 11th (Saturday) and it will be difficult to get ahold of him. Best way to do so is through texts (Kurt's cellphone number is in our "CME Commitment to Change - BSU" Slack server.)

4. We will be meeting with our Client over Zoom on Sunday, 2023/11/12. Time TBD depending on When2Meet results for team availability.
