# Client Discovery Meeting on 10/08/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/10/08 15:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/10/08 16:45

## Location/Medium

Virtual Meeting via Zoom

## Present

- Clayton
- Kris
- Lee
- Noah
- North
- Jake (Mentor)
- Kurt (Client)

## Minute Recorder

Noah

## Topics Discussed

1. Project Design Materials:
    - Business Requirements
    - Use Cases
    - Requirements
    - Domain Model
    - Architecture
    - TechStack
    - Prototype
    - First Iteration Features

2. [Feedback from Client](#Feedback)

3. Commitments, more in depth.

## Things Clarified

1. First iteration features agreed upon
    - Creating commitments, general layout
    - User Pages
    - Commitment Pages
    - User registration

2. The client has some days when his availability will be different and he
    will be hard to get a hold of: 11/5/2023 - 11/13/2023.

3. Things that need to be wrapped up:
    - Consolidating business requirements.
    - Refining use cases.
    - Refining domain model.
    - Presentation.

4. Cloud based services and who provides them.
    - Stanford may already be using AWS or Azure, the client is going to get
    to us on that.
  
### Feedback:
1. Functional requirements:
    - FR2: Creation of commitments should be as simple as possible.
    HIPPA should be considered with information provided.
    - FR5: CME providers make courses and add users. There should be a 
    collection of different individual commitments and possibly a singular
    one provided by the CME provider that is used similarly to an evaluation.
    - FR10: Priority shouldn't be too high. It's important, but not a high
    priority.
    - FR12: Groups are important for CME providers, but not so much for users
    - FR16: Use of social media makes a commitment more public, holds clinician
    more accountable which is important.
    - FR18: A variety of goal types should be implemented, not just complete and 
    incomplete. Completeness should work on the honor system.
    - New FR?: Logos that CME providers can use for different courses in different
    organizations. Commitments grouped under these courses. Course provided commitments.
   
2. Use Cases:
    - Educators as an actor is important. Modeling them as Clinicians seems OK.
    - Email links to courses is fine. Emails shouldn't be overbearing to the user.
    - Something like a "Kahoot" code to refer clinicians to course pages.

3. Domain Model:
    - Should commitments be only pass or fail? Consider partial success. Deadlines matter
    in the sense of making and completing a commitment.
    - There should be more than one kind of commitment instead of one conglomerate commitment.
    - Suggestions

4. Architecture:
    - Twitter share system could use Zapier for other social media platforms. 
        - Zapier is paid, maybe not.
    - For emails: SMTP that utilizes Gmail is a good way to start.
   
5. Tech Stack:
    - Use of open source tools is great as long as there is plenty of documentation surrounding
    the project.
    - Documentation helps with the transferring process.

