# Client Iteration 5 Review Meeting on 04/13/2024 

## Meeting Start Time

2024/04/13 11:45

## Meeting End Time

2024/04/13 12:29

## Location/Medium

Virtual Meeting via Zoom

## Present

Lee 
North
Kurt (Client)

## Minute Recorder

Lee

## Topics Discussed
1. Demoed software to client.
2. Stuff for the project to consider after iteration 5
  - AWS documentation and/or meeting with one of Stanford's technical people to figure out what needs to be done for deployment
  - Will discuss licensing/opening repos 
  - Discussed whether it would be fair for another team of students to expand upon our project
    - The concern was that they would need to learn our tech stack. We explained that at least some teams were building on existing codebases.
3. Kurt asked for feedback on how he was as a client
  - He wondered whether being more specific could have helped development
  - We told him that to a degree this may have been helpful, but indicated that the client being too involved in the details of requirements has caused some difficulties for other teams.

## Things Clarified
1. In person dinner meeting 6pm next Wednesday
  - Kurt does not like Asian food


## Client Use of the Project
### How did the client use the software?
Kurt used our AWS deployment through his browser and screenshared with us. North guided him through the new features.

### What features did they test in your software?

1. Combined students and commitments table
2. Delete Course
3. Bulk email subject + body
4. Social media share
5. Recurring reminder emails (+ presets)
6. Delete all & autoclear commitment reminders
7. Clinician Profile

#### Features not demoed
As of right now, these features have not been completed but they will most likely be done this iteration. If not, disregard.
1. HIPAA
2. Change password

### How long did they use your software?
11:48-12:11

### How was their reaction to the software?
Kurt seemed to have slightly fewer issues and points for improvement with the software than previous iterations. He seemed generally happy with the progress and especially functionality of the software. However, as with previous iterations, the interface seemed to fall slightly short of the level of intuitiveness he wanted.

### Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
- Good: 
  - Course page looking good, has come a long way
  - Liked the preset recurring reminder email options on commitment creation

- Bad: 
  - Lack of clarify about whether you have a reminder email for a given commitment
    - Suggest having a small icon to indicate that reminders are scheduled on dashboard/commitment view page.
  - Commitments don't indicate which course they are in outside of the edit page
    - Solution: include it on the commitment view page (easy text change, can be a link if owned)
  - Wider input boxes in clinician profile form would be better
  - Change "logged in as" to clinician/provider name
    - Currently shows username. Username can still be a fallback for clinicians who don't want to provide their names, but should show full name if available.

- Unusual: 
  - Media share replaces current page rather than opens new tab
    - Fix with `_blank`
  - Add an about page? credits, documentation, etc. 
    - Good idea, likely deferred until early closure phase
  - Using the same color in a lot of places can be tricky - a lot of buttons have the same color as the background and don't stand out as much as they could
    - We will look into any fixes for this that can be made before the deadline, but some of it is baked into the overall site layout

### Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
- At one point, Kurt was unsure how to reach the commitment reminder email page from the dashboard. 
  - This was the only navigation issue we had, although Kurt commented that he is more familiar with our site than a new user would be.
  - We may partially resolve this issue by making the icon indicating a reminder is scheduled link to that page - then a direct link will be in the dashboard.

