# Client Mid-iteration Meeting on 02/25/2024

## Meeting Start Time

2024/02/25 15:00

## Meeting End Time

2024/02/25 15:30

## Location/Medium

Virtual Meeting via Zoom

## Present

Lee 
North
Kris
Kurt (Client)

## Minute Recorder

North

## Topics Discussed

1. Cloud deployment options
2. Stanford branding
3. Github repository visibility
    - Should we make the repository public or private?

## Things Clarified

1. Cloud deployment:
    - Estimated cost for AWS around $10/month with domain registration and full up-time.
    - Kurt is okay with us deploying to AWS since it will be easier for us as a team. He will be letting the other CME teams know that we are using AWS.
2. Stanford branding:
    - We can use some Stanford branding, but should keep it minimal.
    - Kurt will work with his their design team to get us a full resolution image to fill out our login/home page.
3. Github repository:
    - Kurt is happy to make it public, because to paraphrase his words, if Ohio State University were to take our code and do it a better job with it, he would still be happy because his motive is to improve patient care.
    - We will need to figure out the best way to make it public, how to redact personal information (such as our meeting videos), and figure out what our licencing will be as well.
4. We will be meeting as a team this Monday, February 26th at 1PM EST on campus, RB 369.
5. We will be meeting with Kurt on March 9th at 3PM EST (12 PST).


## Tasks assigned

- Talk to Hergin about about Github repo publicity and licencing.
- Send calendar invite to Kurt for our next meeting for March 9th.
- Send out When2Meet survey for April 16th-18th to figure out when to meet with Kurt, as he will be in Indiana that week.
- Find or make instructions so Kurt can get his own AWS account.
- We need to schedule our final iteration 4 mentor meeting with Jake.