# Client Iteration 3 Review Meeting on 03/09/2024 

## Meeting Start Time

2024/03/09 15:00

## Meeting End Time

2024/03/09 15:44

## Location/Medium

Virtual Meeting via Zoom

## Present

Lee 
North
Kris
Kurt (Client)
Jake (Mentor)

## Minute Recorder

North

## Topics Discussed
1. Demoed software to client.
2. Clinician side usability. Should be intuitive.
3. Daemon run time.
4. Email body-text templates


## Things Clarified
1. Currently our maintenance tasks are run at midnight UTC. Kurt asked us to change these to 1AM PST so that the majority of people in the US are asleep.
2. Will be sending the reminder email text to Kurt so he can give us feedback on exact wording and formatting. Also asked for what kinds of default text we could include if we implemented email templates.
3. Suggested that when creating a commitment, there should be an option for standard reminder email times ("weekly", "monthly", "on deadline", "day before deadline", etc.), and have one of them checked by default. 
4. We will be meeting with Kurt 3PM EST / noon PST next Sunday, March 17th, and will be sending out a calendar invite shortly.



## Client Use of the Project
### How did the client use the software?
    Kurt used our AWS instance and screenshared with us. Lee guided him through the new features.

 
### What features did they test in your software?

Did not test expiration daemon or email reminders (can't really demo these)

    - Clinician Reminder Emails:
      - FR307: Commitment Template reminder emails for clinicians.
    - Provider dashboard features:
      - NR14: Provider dashboard course and commitment template sorting.
    - New course page features
      - NR13: Student table sorting.
      - FR609: Bulk "mailto" functionality.
      - FR417: Suggested commitment aggregate status statistics in a course.
    - Statistics Overview page:
      - FR315: CSV download for aggregate statistics of the statuses of their respective derived commitments (total, complete, in progress...) for all of their commitment templates.
      - FR316: CME Providers can view a comparison of commitment template success rates relative to the average of their other commitment templates.
      - FR408: CME Providers can view a comparison of commitment success rates relative to the average of their other courses.
      
#### Features not demoed

- FR311: Automatic commitment expiration.
  - Since this is a daemon, it's not possible to directly interact with this feature, however we did explain how this will help ensure the integrity of the data.
- FR307: Commitment Template reminder emails for clinicians.
  - We did have Kurt use the main workflow of this feature (Creating a reminder, viewing the scheduled reminders, and canceling a reminder), but since the actual email is sent out by a daemon at midnight, we could not demo that aspect directly. We offered to trigger one from our AWS instance to our team email account, but he said he would rather we just send him the subject and body text so he could look over it himself.


### How long did they use your software?
    15:05 - 15:30

### How was their reaction to the software?
    Kurt was very excited to see all of our statistics and much more user friendly tables. He was happy with our progress so far and commented that he thought we got a lot done this iteration. Much like last iteration, much of his feedback was related to usability and wording.

### Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
- Good: 
  - Provider dashboard:
    - Loved every sortable/searchable table
  - Provider statistics overview page:
    - Still loved the sortable tables
    - Very happy with the overall statistics measurement 
    - Also happy with aggregation of template statistics across all courses
  - Course page:
    - Liked the sortable student table
  - Reminder Email functionality:
    - Functionality is good and will be helpful

- Bad: 
  - Course Page:
    - Still some confusion for popover clickability, could make it more obvious
  - Reminder Email Functionality:
    - Need some reasonable defaults so that clinicians don't have to think as much. Should be more intuitive.

- Unusual: 
  - Emailing clinicians:
    - Providers could setup a generic email template, and then select that when they use the bulk email feature.Commitment reminder emails, have dropdown with commonly used time periods (weekly, monthly, etc.)


### Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
- Usability:
  - Shift click sorting is not obvious, still need help modal/popover
  - Bulk email modal, could use a "select all" function that mails to everyone in the course
- Aesthetic issues:
  - Description textArea in base_form not responsively expanding to fill full width.

## Priorities for fifth iteration

- Select all option for bulk emails.
- Passing generic message with bulk emails.
- Simplify commitment reminder email creation workflow.
- Revisiting banners and color schemes.