# Client Iteration 2 Review Meeting on 02/01/2024

## Meeting Start Time

2024/02/01 16:00

## Meeting End Time

2024/02/01 16:45

## Location/Medium

Virtual Meeting via Zoom

## Present

Lee 
North
Kurt (Client)
Jake (Mentor)

## Minute Recorder

Lee

## Topics Discussed

1. Summarized changes
2. Discussed team difficulties
3. Discussed cloud deployment limitations
4. Demoed the software to the client
5. Discussed fourth-iteration features

## Things Clarified

1. Next meeting Feb 11 either 3pm or 6pm eastern, depending on Kurt's schedule
2. Cloud deployment is adequate for testing right now
3. Kurt will check with Stanford's marketing team to evaluate our site's color scheme and give us better feedback on the design
4. Consider adding large volumes of data for testing page rendering

## Client Use of the Project
### How did the client use the software?

Kurt checked out our new features from his browser on our AWS instance while sharing his screen. North guided him through where the features could be found and briefly introduced them.
 
### What features did they test in your software?
Since we are now graded on aesthetics, we will also list the aesthetic improvements that he examined and gave feedback for.
- NR1 Cloud deployment (implicitly tested via his connection to our instance)
- FR608 Mailto link
- FR414 Course commitments csv download
- FR314 Statistics for commitment templates
- FR415 Course aggregate statistics CSV download
- (aesthetic improvement) Pie charts to show simple data
- (aesthetic improvement) Improved red theme


### How long did they use your software?
16:15-16:26

### How was their reaction to the software?

Overall, he seemed happy and felt it was an improvement. We received positive feedback about each feature and also received some suggestions for improvment on some of them. Based on what he said and did not say, he seemed to think our main issues were in usability rather than functionality.


### Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
- Good: Liked the download icons on buttons, very clear
- Good: Liked the pie charts
- Unusual: Pie chart legend had more decimal points than necessary
- Good: The new, darker red theme is an improvement over the previous theme

### Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)

- One of the Bootstrap fontawesome icons didn't render correctly on Kurt's Mac/Chrome setup - encoding issue?
- Kurt had trouble finding the download button for aggregate course stats because it had the same coloring as a heading right above it. It should be made to stand out better.
- The site would be more usable if it indicated to the user which specific page they are on. We should use breadcrumbs to fix this.
- Providers will most likely want to send mass emails. Clicking each mailto link is tedious. Having the ability to select the different users and click one button to mail to all would be better.


## Priorities for fourth iteration
Kurt asked to defer decision on whether to commit to domain name, etc. stuff for broader deployment. He did not have any functionality priorities in the interim - his biggest concerns seemed to be the usability issues we discussed above.
