# Mentor Meeting on 11/9/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/11/09 17:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/11/09 17:50

## Location/Medium

Zoom Meeting

## Present

- Kris
- Lee
- Noah
- North
- Jake (Team Mentor)

## Minute Recorder

Noah

## Topics Discussed

1. Presentation of the application and collecting feedback on built features.
    - Through the use of Zoom's screen share feature, the application's use was demonstrated. Jake gave us feedback on
   features and formatting he liked and thought was implemented well. He also gave some constructive feedback on how we
   can improve these features to make them more natural to the application which will also help users easily navigate
   the application. See Feedback and Small fixes in the [Things Clarified](#things-clarified).


2. Went over the project documentation.
    - Documentation is nearly finished as [User.md](/Documentation/User.md) needs its final touches and [Deployment.md](/Documentation/Deployment.md)
   needs set up. As we are not initializing Docker for this iteration, we are using a separate route that involves the
   use of a virtual machine using Ubuntu and Apache. Jake approves of the actions we are taking and how our documentation
   looks so far.

## Things Clarified

1. Unit Testing:
    - While creating usable, functional features for the first iteration was a priority, unit tests in the project are
   sorely lacking. Jake pointed this out and the team is well aware that all the functional features in the project
   will need unit tests. This will be worked on and integrated through iteration two.
   
2. SMTP Servers and Emails
    - The email system and user authentication will be implemented down the line of development. We established our
   intentions as this being a lower priority feature at the moment. 

3. Feedback and Small Fixes:
    - Navigation Bar Troubleshooting - The 'Log In" and 'Log Out' buttons on the navbar should be aligned to the right
   as that is what is familiar to many people and this would break up the titles on the nav bar to make it look neater.
    - 'Expired' commitments need to be changed to 'Past Due' as required by the client. We implemented the name
   'Expired' upon initial creation of the field and it needs updated.
    - Buttons for "Complete" and "Discontinue" should include an in-page window that asks the user to confirm the action
   they are taking. Jake recommended using Bootstrap Modals as they provide a convenient way to implement this.
    - The registration page's 'required fields' tags should not be showing until after an unsuccessful account creation.
   It should only show after the first time these fields are not used or used improperly.
   


