# Mentor Meeting on 11/24/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/11/24 18:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/11/24 19:00

## Location/Medium

Zoom Meeting

## Present

- Kris
- Lee
- Noah
- North
- Clayton
- Jake (Team Mentor)

## Minute Recorder

Noah

## Topics Discussed

1. Overview on completed features and features that still need completed. See [Things Clarified](#things-clarified) below.
2. Demonstration of these completed features.
3. Went over future feature development roadmap.


## Things Clarified

- Email Verification
  - We currently have a mockup SMTP server set up as a docker container to satisfy the functionality of verifying email
  addresses.
  - A resend verification email option needs to be implemented as the original email can expire.

- Commitments that can be templated by provider accounts has been implemented.
  - These are suggested to the clinician that was invited to the course and are set up by the provider in a way that 
  allows these templates to be used across different courses.
  -These templates are editable. It was also discussed that there should be parts of these commitments that should not
  be editable for the clinician; like a specific goal or end time.
  
- Mobile device configuration
  - As part of the nonfunctional requirement two, making sure that the application runs and displays well on mobile
  devices is mostly done as we move over to using Bootstrap, however considerations like length of specific titles
  and certain pages must be kept in mind as development continues.
  
- Testing
  - Tests and program coverage is currently being worked on and only a handful of tests remain for the current codebase.
  As more is included with the development of new features, each will have their own set of tests. This results in large
  test files that will be split into different testing packages.
  - Testing should include items from both the front and back end.
  - Tests should be included as a GitHub continuous integration action.
  - As the Django framework has some circular dependency with its packages, tests are a good way to show the modularity
  of the different features and functions.

- Cloud Deployment
   - Utilizing the free versions of AWS or Azure should be the first step to take to cloud deployment. This can be done
  by not using a specific domain name as this and using the cloud services does have a price.
   - Jake mentioned this and also how Docker can be used for cloud deployment, however doing it this way can be a hassle.
  He explained how Docker should be used only for local development and that the free cloud services should initially be
  used.
   - Jake talked about using a production and development server separate from one another to fully implement continuous
  integration and delivery.

- This iteration and Future Iterations
  -  Planned features that we have set goals to finish for this iteration should be the focus items. These features need
  to be finished to meet our client's expectations of functional features.
  - Smaller quality of life additions should come after these functional features
