# Mentor Meeting on 10/06/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/10/26/ 16:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/10/26 16:00

## Location/Medium

Zoom Meeting

## Present

- Kris
- Noah
- Lee
- North
- Jake (Team Mentor)

## Minute Recorder

North

## Topics Discussed

1. Current functional urls and HTML templates.
   - Discussed need to add edit fields to view commitment so a user can mark complete, edit title, description, due date.
   - Should look to start separating templates into small, modular components to re-use across the app.
2. Display issues for DateTimes and dealing with UTC issues.
   - Could associate a timezone with a user which would then be used for their time displays OR,
   - Could check their browser to see what timezone that they're in.
   - Could change DateTimes to just a Date. Since this would default to UTC, it would make due-dates less specific to people in different timezones. This means for some people their commitment may be marked as expired earlier or later than expected, but is much easier to implement and work with and shouldn't affect usability much.
   - Should discuss this with the client.
3. Users and user-models.
   - Discussed the pros/cons of using Django's default back-end versus creating our own user model based on the built-in class, AbstractBaseUser.
4. Docker.
   - Jake recommended waiting until closer to iteration 2 to start implementing Docker, as it can be tricky.
   - Willing to show us some of his Docker projects in the future.
5. Development.md and what needs done still.
6. Breaking down functional requirements
   - Should start thinking about breaking down our functional requirements into smaller steps.

## Things Clarified

1. Confirmed that Jake knows he doesn't have to show up to every meeting.
2. Jake's suggested priorities before client meeting on Sunday:
   - Make current templates look prettier.
   - Add template for tables so all screens look nice.
   - Add a nav bar.
3. Jake suggested we start moving towards Bootstrap as soon as possible to avoid the pain of moving large HTML and CSS structures over later.
4. Confirmed user model details:
   - Implement a sub-class of AbstractBaseUser for more expandability and freedom in the future.
5. Confirmed next actions for Development.md.
   - Command line installation should be prioritized.
   - Need to add OS specific install instructions as side note.
   - Should have someone test instructions on a fresh install.
6. Clarified what "functional" means for our first iterations with Jake. It doesn't need to be beautiful or production ready, it just needs to allow the user to do something, which in this case is allow the user to create and track their personal commitments.
7. We will be meeting with our Client over Zoom at 2:15pm on Sunday, 2023/10/26.

## Tasks Assigned

- Lee:
  - Switching GET to POST in the create_commitment_target view.
  - Figure out how to implement Users and login.
- Noah:
  - Finish setting up environment. Should be able to: Run the server, create a commitment, view the created commitment.
  - Send client email reminding him of our Sunday meeting.
- North:
  - Update and add more details to Development.MD.
  - Test Development.MD details with fresh install/VM.
  - Convert CSS to entirely custom rules.
- Kris:
  - Finish setting up environment. Should be able to: Run the server, create a commitment, view the created commitment.
- Clayton:
  - Finish setting up environment. Should be able to: Run the server, create a commitment, view the created commitment.
