# Mentor Meeting on 02/21/2024

## Meeting Start Time

02/21/2024 18:00

## Meeting End Time

02/21/2024 19:00

## Location/Medium

Zoom Meeting

## Present

- Lee
- North
- Jake (Team Mentor)

## Minute Recorder

North

## Topics Discussed

1. Script architecture for cloud deployment.
2. Frontend testing.
   - Asked about testing suites. Jake said he hasn't had much experience with Javascript testing, but has used Cypress before for PHP and recommended we look into it.
   - Could setup a script that runs our pytest tests and then our javascript tests in sequence.
3. Showed off Create Commitment Template modal feature on the select suggested commitments page and asked about the Javascript implementation.
   - Jquery is very common, and is fine using in this instance. Shouldn't be a big issue either way.
   - If we have a very extensive script that considerably impacts performance, we could consider loading our scripts separately, but otherwise Jake recommends keeping all JS files in one spot as it's easier to find, and eventually they will be minified.
4. Google cloud deployment.
   - Jake recommends sticking with AWS for now, as it's more commonly used. If the client strongly prefers we use Google cloud instead, we could switch but otherwise stick with AWS.
5. Site data generation script.
   - Since it's never used in deployment and is specifically for developers only, we shouldn't need to test it unless Ergin specifically requests we do.
6. What features we should move towards.
   - Jake suggested we start thinking about the social and gamification aspects of our application. If it's more social, there's more public pressure.

## Things Clarified

1. We will be sending a Calendar invite to our client, and plan to meet Sunday, February 25th, at 3pm EST, 12pm PST.
