# Mentor Meeting on 01/31/2024

## Meeting Start Time

01/31/2024 17:00

## Meeting End Time

01/31/2024 18:00

## Location/Medium

Zoom Meeting

## Present

- Lee
- North
- Jake (Team Mentor)
  
### Missing
- Kris was not present but he let us know in advance.

## Minute Recorder

North

## Topics Discussed

1. Current features and work in-progress features:
   - CSV file downloading:
     - Looks good and would be helpful, but keep the data simple. We should stick to raw numbers for better data manipulation by the user.
   - Pie chart for statistics:
     - Looks good, agreed with keeping the legend off to the side of the chart itself.
     - Could put slice labels on the outside arch pointing in to the chart.
     - Simplify the labels more. Maybe just have the percentage on the slice itself, and larger explanation on the legend.
   - Emailto button:
     - Looks good. Not much to say here.
   - Cloud deployment
     - Email SES spam issue - we need to have a policy if people mark our emails as spam to get out of the SES sandbox
       - Adding an unsubscribe link to (non registration) emails so users can opt out
         - Keep a table of such blocked email & have a custom email backend wrapping Django's SMTP backend that checks against that table first
       - Require emails to be unique to limit registration spam abuse
         - Should prune accounts that do not get verified after some period (a week, a month, something customizable during deployment)
         - Alternatively, manual pruning is an option. Django admin site integration would be ideal but a simple script runnable by someone with deployment knowledge could be a good interim measure.
2. AWS deployment documentation:
   - Said it was pretty comprehensive and looked good.
   - Mentioned that at his work, they use a shell script that uses Git pull every 10 minutes or so. If certain files are changed, it will rebuild the database table. This could be useful in the future, but for now it's not something to worry about.

## Things Clarified

1. Suggested adding a "pledge" to sign when creating an account for the site. Maybe a privacy policy? Should ask Kurt about this.
2. Overall impressions: 
   - Jake said that while we have fewer features than previous iterations, he still thinks Kurt will be impressed with what we have, mainly due to our cloud deployment. The charts and graphs are a nice visual change as well.
   - If there are any small features we could add to pad our feature list out a bit more, we should try to add them.
   - As far as grading goes, we may lose some points due to the lack of major features, but considering our team size we should be okay.
